---
layout: post
title: HIFU LIFTERA
description: "HIFU technology, short for High Intensity Focused Ultrasound, provides an innovative, non-invasive, rejuvenating skin treatment\_ which targets wrinkles and fine lines reduction caused by natural ageing. HIFU technology promises highly effective skin lifting and tightening even on difficult and narrow facial areas such as nasolabial folds, leaving patients happy and immediately firmer!"
featured_image: /uploads/dsc08793-2.jpg
---

<div><h3>HIFU LIFTERA</h3><p>&nbsp;</p><h2>What is HIFU Technology?</h2><div>HIFU technology, short for High Intensity Focused Ultrasound, provides an innovative, non-invasive, rejuvenating skin treatment&nbsp; which targets wrinkles and fine lines reduction caused by natural ageing. HIFU technology promises highly effective skin lifting and tightening even on difficult and narrow facial areas such as nasolabial folds, leaving patients happy and immediately firmer!</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>How does it work?</h2><div>During the treatment, HIFU LIFTERA machine uses ultrasound energy to heat up the specific tissue below the epidermis. At a certain temperature, cells start toproduce more collagen, which then results in the patient&rsquo;s skin getting tighter. The procedure can take 30 to 90 minutes, depending on the number of areas being treated. The results will continue on improving during the following months upon completing the treatment course.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Why choose HIFU LIFTERA?</h2><div>HIFU has been increasing in popularity for its promising benefits. Such as:</div><ul><li><div>Non-invasive, non-surgical</div></li><li><div>FDA approved</div></li></ul><ul><li><div>Noticeable wrinkle refinement</div></li><li><div>Tightening of the &ldquo;turkey neck&rdquo; area</div></li><li><div>Visible lifting of cheeks, eyebrows, and eyelids</div></li><li><div>Enhancing jaw contouring&nbsp;</div></li><li><div>Smoothing the skin tone and texture</div></li><li><div>No recovery time needed</div></li><li><div>Affordable in comparison to surgical face lift</div></li></ul><h2>Is it safe?</h2><div>HIFU LIFTERA is considered a very safe treatment. It shows much fewer risks than a surgical face lift with little to no side effects. Patients may experience mild redness, temporary numbness and swelling immediately after the treatment but these side effects should not last longer than 72 hours.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Is it painful?</h2><div>The sensation felt during the treatment is usually described as tiny electric pulses, but not as a painful experience. Since the anti-ageing machine targets deeper layers of skin under epidermis, the surface layer will not have any burns or other damages received. It is very tolerable and you can always communicate with your doctor if you cannot bear the discomfort.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>After how many procedures can I start seeing improvement?</h2><div>The circumstances are different for each patient depending on how well the body responds to the treatment and the condition of skin laxity. However, in most cases, the improvement is seen after the first session. The number of procedures advised vary from 1 to 3 treatments that need to be maintained with additional procedures once every 12 to 18 months.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Is it suitable for me?</h2><div>HIFU is best suitable for patients who are 30 years of age and older, whose skin experiences natural ageing with mild-to-moderate skin laxity.&nbsp;</div><div>It is not advised to get HIFU LITERA treatments if you have:</div><ul><li><div>Severe skin laxity and sagging</div></li><li><div>Infections or open skin lesions</div></li><li><div>Cystic or severe acne</div></li><li><div>Metallic implants; including braces.&nbsp;</div></li></ul>&nbsp;<div><div><div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div></div></div><div>&nbsp;</div></div><div>&nbsp;</div></div>

<div>&nbsp;</div>