---
layout: post
title: ENDYMED Skin Tightening
description: >-
  If you know of Kim Kardashian, then you know that no matter what she is going
  through, her skin always appears glowy and ready for a perfect selfie. Ever
  wondered how is that possible? The secret is EndyMed! EndyMed offers a range
  of revolutionary, highly effective aesthetic treatments that aim at
  rejuvenating all skin types and colors, on areas such as face, neck, chest,
  and body. Experts in dermatology and FD technology carefully designed the
  clinically proven treatments to provide immediate long term results with
  minimal side effects.
featured_image: /uploads/17935515-mledits.jpg
---

<div><div><div><div><div><h3>EndyMed 3DEEP Skin Science</h3><div>If you know of Kim Kardashian, then you know that no matter what she is going through, her skin always appears glowy and ready for a perfect selfie. Ever wondered how is that possible? <strong>The secret is EndyMed</strong>! EndyMed offers a range of revolutionary, highly effective aesthetic treatments that aim at rejuvenating all skin types and colors, on areas such as face, neck, chest, and body. Experts in dermatology and FD technology carefully designed the clinically proven treatments to provide immediate long term results with minimal side effects.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Which Treatment Should I Get?</h2><p>&nbsp;</p><h3>Tightening and Contouring</h3><div>If you are looking for wrinkle reduction, visible tightening and lifting around face, under the chin and neck area, then <strong><em>EndyMed&rsquo;s 3DEEP RF Facial Tightening</em></strong> is your guiding angel. Using painless radiofrequency energy, it is especially perfect for areas around the eyes and mouth, which could be sensitive and hard to treat.</div><div>Trying to get that bikini body without having to do all the sweating and jogging? EndyMed&rsquo;s <strong><em>3DEEP RF Body Contouring</em></strong> is highly demanded for its superior solutions for cellulite, circumference reduction, shaping and contouring. With quick procedures and no treatment downtime, patients are left confident with long-term results.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h3>RF Microneedling</h3><div>Targeting deep wrinkles, scars, stretch marks, and overall texture and tone improvement, <strong><em>EndyMed&rsquo;s RF Microneedling</em></strong> is the one! Unlike other microneedling treatment available on the market, EndyMed&rsquo;s RF Microneedling provides comfortable and safe treatment without side-effects, thanks to the unique smooth glide needle insertion technology.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>What is the science behind it?</h2><div>The wizardry is performed using The EndyMed 3DEEP machine that emits multiple&nbsp; radiofrequency (RF) energy sources deep into the dermis. Furthermore, the radiofrequency also encourages contraction of collagen fibres and collagen production, which takes time to regenerate and form. Thus, the full effect is seen after 3 months of finishing your course. However, you will see improvements after the very first treatment!&nbsp;</div><h2>How many procedures should I do?</h2><div>Unfortunately, the accurate answer is different for everyone, as it all depends on the treatment of choice, your skin type/ condition, individual treatment requirements and other factors.&nbsp;</div><div>The course may vary from 3 to 8 procedures with 10 to 14 days in between.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Why Does Everyone Love It?</h2><div>Because of its benefits! Take a look at some of them</div><ul><li><div>World leader in the use of multi-source radiofrequency technology for professional aesthetic treatments, 2016</div></li></ul><ul><li><div>Immediate results</div></li><li><div>Non-invasive &amp; non-surgical</div></li><li><div>No preparation needed</div></li><li><div>Quick treatment</div></li><li><div>Pain-free with minimal discomfort</div></li><li><div>The results will only get better after the course completion</div></li><li><div>For all skin types</div></li><li><div>Minimal to no downtime&nbsp;</div></li><li><div>Long Term results</div></li></ul><h2>But Does It hurt?</h2><div>No! the EndyMed 3Deep procedures are pain-free. Most people actually share that it is soothing and relaxing. During the treatment you will experience a gentle heating sensation.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><h2>Is EndyMed suitable for me?</h2><div>The answer is <strong>NO</strong> for:</div><ul><li><div>Those with epilepsy</div></li><li><div>Those with pacemaker or metal implants; including dental implants and metal braces</div></li><li><div>Pregnant or breastfeeding women</div></li></ul><h2>Will it work on me?</h2><div>YES! Especially if you suffer from:</div><ul><li><div>Skin with soft tissue laxity</div></li><li><div>Sagging skin</div></li><li><div>Skin with fine lines, eye hoods, and wrinkles</div></li><li><div>Skin that is generally showing signs of ageing</div><div>&nbsp;</div></li></ul></div></div></div><div>&nbsp;</div></div></div>