---
layout: post
title: Hydra Facial MD
description: >-
  HydraFacial MD is a licensed technology for cleansing, exfoliating,
  extracting, and hydrating the skin. The special super serums with nourishing
  ingredients are used to create an instant glow, taking into consideration the
  specific needs of every patient.
featured_image: /uploads/27475bd9-9873-477b-ada8-0c9f16b12f66-1.jpg
---

## &nbsp;

<div><div><div><div><h2><strong>Hydra Facial MD&nbsp;</strong></h2><div>&nbsp;</div><div>HydraFacial MD is a licensed technology for cleansing, exfoliating, extracting, and hydrating the skin. The special super serums with nourishing ingredients are used to create an instant glow, taking into consideration the specific needs of every patient.&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>HOW IT WORKS</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>CLEANSE + PEEL</div><div>Dead skin cells are washed away while cleaning serum is delivered by a spiral tip. This prepares your skin for the next treatment steps.&nbsp; It opens up a new layer of skin with gentle peeling and resurfacing.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>EXTRACT + HYDRATE</div><div>With the help of low percentage glycolic and salicylic acid solution impurities are loosened and pores debris are removed with painless suction. The skin is quenched and nourished with intense moisturizers. There is nothing to worry about, there is no post-treatment peeling. The special HydraFacial MD device removes the impurities straight from the pore. This step not only cleans, but also boosts circulation and stimulates the lymph system, which removes toxins from your face.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>FUSE + PROTECT</div><div>After the skin is cleaned peptides and antioxidants are delivered by the HydraFacial MD for instant hydration.</div><div>This procedure helps to nourish and repair your skin with no redness and with visible instant results. You can also add wrinkle repair or other add-ons to your treatment to maximize your glow.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>Immediate, Visible Results</div><ul><li>You can use it at any time</li><li>No discomfort</li><li>Suitable for all skin types</li><li>Appearance of fine lines &amp; wrinkles is reduced</li><li>Your face skin is detoxified, transformed, and protected</li><li>Specific skin concerns are addressed</li></ul><div>&nbsp;</div><div>What makes this treatment special is the fact that it can really be focused on the patient&rsquo;s needs by adjusting ingredients used based on previous experience with peels, the skin type and the desired outcome. Also this is a rather fast (30 minutes) treatment with visible results, which can be combined with injections, fillers or laser treatments on the same day. The imperfections of your face are quickly removed with the visible improvement of texture and tone, but without any irritation or peeling.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>Top Performing Ingredients:</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&ndash; Horse Chestnut Seed Extract According to the latest research Horse Chestnut Seed Extract is considered to be one of the most effective antioxidants. The skin is protected and because of its ability to absorb light it is used as an anti-solar agent when combined with a sunscreen.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&ndash; Arnica Flower Extract Arnica Flower is beneficial for dry and irritated skin, as it is known for its calming qualities. Such ingredients as flavonoids are used for stressed-out skin to be renewed and soothed.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&ndash; Salicylic Acid Salicylic Acid is from beta-hydroxy family, it acts as a peeling agent, which removes dead skin cells. This is very effective for oily and congested skin as it helps to remove the dirt from the pores.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>-Algae Extract&nbsp;</div><div>Algae is rich in hydrating antioxidants, after it is used the skin feels soft, smooth, and radiant. With the help of Algae skin is detoxified and replenished with essential vitamins and minerals.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>&ndash; Low Molecular Weight Hyaluronic Acid Hyaluronic Acid is the substance&nbsp; that occurs naturally in our body, it hydrates the skin. With the help of additional LMW Hyaluronic Acid skin is kept hydrated longer while the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles is significantly decreased.</div><div>&nbsp;</div><div>And the last but not the least is the fact that this treatment is a number one award winner anti-aging facial in NYC, Los Angeles and Europe. It is performed in the world every fifteen seconds, which is more than botox injections. And lots of celebrities like like Kim Kardashian, Kate Winslet, Ivanka Trump, Paris Hilton and many others have been using it for many years already.</div></div></div></div></div>